From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologists. Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number two 44. Recorded live
Thursday, December 9th, 2010. Support for Hansel
minutes is provided by Telerik
rad controls, the most comprehensive
suite of components for windows
forms and asp.net web applications
online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with Benjamin Vanderveen about
his C-sharp web server kayak.
Hi, this is Scott Hansen. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes, and I am here
today in the rain in
Portland, Oregon sitting in the
home of Benjamin Vanderveen. How's
it going, sir? Very well.
How are you? I am
very wet. I say it's
flooding outside with rain, but
we're surviving today. I wanted
to talk about some cool
open source stuff that's going
on because I think that
there is a kind of
multiple levels of open source
that happened in the dotnet
universe. You know, there's like
your conventional standard stuff, like
your log for nets and
your end units and things
like that. And then there's,
you know, more kind of
emerging kind of cool stuff
happening in open source and
you're involved in some of
that. That's correct. So talk
to me about what kayak
is. So kayak is it's
a web server written in
C sharp. The whole thing
is implemented in C sharp.
And basically it's, it's kind
of cool because you can
just fire up a server
with like one line of
code started up and it's
all within your process and
there's no crazy hosting containers
or anything complicated to set
up. You just instantiate a
server and you're off, off
to go. And it's, it's
pretty cool because, or at
least for me, it's been
a really fun kind of
architectural experiment, learning a lot
about server architecture. And honestly,
I've probably rewritten it a
good six times since I
started. And it's just been
a really great learning experience
for me and a great
way to kind of get
out in the community a
little bit more and get
some feedback on, on my,
on my designs. So you
say it's entirely written in
C sharp. So at, at
what level do you hit
like unmanaged code? Do you,
do you use something else
for HTTP or do you
use something else for sockets?
Like at what point do
we hit metal? So in
the current version, there's, there's
actually the network layer is
swappable. I have an interface
called eye socket and I
have a basic implementation using
system.net dot sockets dot socket.
And I also wrote a,
a live event to library
or wrapper library, I should
say, which is called oars.
And that actually makes P
vote calls into live event
too. What is live event
to a, it's a, it's
a C library written in
C that sort of wraps
up your ear, poll, your
select and all these different
nonblocking abstractions that are available
on different operating systems. It
also has supports I OCP
on windows as well. So
that, that I chose to
do to go that route
rather than, you know, calling
a particular operating systems API
is directly just to get
that built in platform independence
that live event to gives.
And, you know, I've seen
really good performance statistics about
it. So it seemed like
a good, good choice at
the time. So is this
a replacement for like IAS
and Apache or is this,
is this live in another
world or are there reasons
I would want to continue
to use IAS and also
use kayak? Or do you
have like great aspirations to
like topple these other web
servers? So maybe I started
out like that, but a
few years down the down
the road, growing older, it's,
you know, evident that those
things are pretty well entrenched,
but I think there's definitely
an opportunity here. And particularly
with this, this new specification
that I'm offering called Owen
Owen is going to be
Owen. Is that an accurate
way? And yes. Oh, w
I N okay. You can
see this. If you go
to owen.github.com, you can check
out the specification. And basically
the goal here is so
there's, there's lots of people
writing, you know, different servers,
different frameworks, and you know,
of course all the Microsoft
stuff that's already there. And
what, what, what we're lacking
is some sort of common
interface where servers can, and
frameworks can talk to each
other. So now my thinking
of kayak is, you know,
I've, I've learned so much
through the process of, you
know, just iterating on kayak
and I've come to the
conclusion that we needed an
interface like this. And there's
kind of a critical mass
in the community now where
the people who are on
board with this interface. And
so I, the way my
goal for kayak now is
just to be a really
fast, simple Owen server that
runs on mano and on
windows. And, you know, is
just a, just a simple,
solid Owen host Owen stands
for, Oh, I'm sorry. Owen
stands for open web interface
for.net. Okay, cool. So let
me see if I understand.
So we know already that
we've got like a, you
know, visual web server, which
old web developer server, this
is the tiny web server
that comes with visual studio.
It used to be called
Cassini. And that was a
tiny little C-sharp HTTP server
was very, very, very, very
basic. That was years and
years ago, we've got IIS,
which is our kind of
industrial web server on windows.
We've got a patchy, which
is our web industrial web
server on Nick's. And now
kayak is an a she
sharp web server and a
web server into an entirely
and C-sharp, but it seems
to me like its niche
is that it runs in
process that I could host
that inside of anything. If
I had some app that
I was running. And by
the way, that app needs
a web server that I
need to run on a
user's machine or something lightweight.
Yeah. I bring kayak in
Totally. That's another use case
that people have kind of
found for kayak. Wasn't one
of my original goals, but
in a lot of cases,
they've, I've had people come
to me like, this is
great. You know, I just
needed a little web server
to do a little thing
real quick and kayak, you
know, did what it said
on the 10. And it's
just awesome. Thank you so
much. That's cool. And that's,
that was really nice and
I'm not sure, but it
might not be difficult to
port to the iPhone under
mano touch. Haven't tried it
myself yet, but I don't
think there's any reason why
that wouldn't be possible. That'd
be very interesting. Cause on,
on phones, you've got things
like, like Dropbox and docs
to go and things like
that, that when you fire
up the application, they host
a web server so that
other people on the same
wireless network can talk to
your phone and you can
share documents and stuff. Totally.
That would be a great
application for it. Yeah. So
the idea of a, of
a, of a tiny managed
web server is really useful.
I mean, we could certainly
try to get this running
on windows phone as well.
Definitely, definitely. Okay. So we've
got this kind of, this,
this gradient of different web
server implementations, kayak being one
of them. And then you
started, I started asking you
about interfaces and it kind
of, at what point do
you hit the metal and
there's lots of different ways
to talk to sockets, right?
Not just the windows way,
also things like live event
to like you pointed out
there's other implementations of ways
to talk to sockets as
well, then there's HTTP dot
SIS HTTP listener and things
like that that are kind
of built in, in, in
windows. Are you saying that
this Owen open web implementation
for dotnet interface interface, excuse
me, open web interface for.net
is kind of an intermediate
abstraction for all of those
different implementations of sockets and
things like that on, on
multiple operating systems, Right? Yeah.
It's going to be, it's
going to target mano and
of course monitor targets all
different operating systems. It will
work on regular.net as well.
So the idea is basically,
you know, it's, it's this
interface between like something which
can provide HTTP requests and
send HTTP responses to a
thing which needs to handle
requests and generate responses. So
servers and frameworks, if you
will. And the cool thing
is once you get an
interface like this, you can
then compose it, you know,
kind of at arbitrary depth.
And you know, of course
it enables the creation of
middlewares another way to put
that. And in, in Python,
you know, we have whisky
and, and Ruby, we have
rack and these guys really
big into their middleware. Well
rack was that, that, that
last, my next question, actually,
and this isn't middleware in
the classic enterprise sense of
the word, this is just
the middle part of the
hourglass. You know, you've got
this hourglass and you've got
all your web app above
the middle part, you know,
the, the, the, the tights
kind of interface at the,
in between. And then you've
got all of your threading
models and your, how do
you talk to sockets at
the bottom? Correct. And then
these components can sit in
between that and, you know,
do things like, you know,
Jesus, the output from your
web application, or, you know,
add, add header, the headers,
things like that. Yeah. So
are you saying that Owen
has the potential to be
rack for.net? That is absolutely
what Owen is. Okay. So
if you're not familiar with
rack, this is a, a
Ruby thing, rails thing, right.
That allows you to sit
on top of really any
implementation of, of anything on
the bottom. Any, any web
server, any socket amputation, as
well as put things on
top of, right? Correct. Yeah.
Now whiskey and rack or
whiskey is like the Python
version of the same thing
you just described. Whiskey takes
a sort of a more
minimal approach and Python, you
know, with their PEPs and
everything. It's actually codified in
this like nicely, well, well,
articulated specification, whereas rack is,
I think there might be
a specification it's not as
well articulated and precise, but
factor specification. Right? Exactly. But
it racks the thing, the
difference there is that rack
is a, it's also a
library that includes lots of
middleware and does lots of
stuff. Now, Owen, so far
on the discussion list has
been taking, taking the more
of the whiskey tack where
it's just kind of a
minimal set of interfaces. We're
just looking to ship a
single DLL with three interfaces.
I application I request and
I response and that, that
will be all. And then
after we kind of get
all of that nailed down
and all the language and,
and specification testing and stuff
revolving around that, I think
through that process, we're gonna
probably see the creation of
like O N dot extensions
library, where.com trip or something.
Yeah. Something like that, where
we have a lot of,
you know, methods that make
it easier to work with
the base. Oh. And interfaces
and implement a lot of
patterns that framework developers are
gonna have to use A
while back. I gave, I
gave a talk and I
made the comment that I
felt that the pieces of
software that were coming out
of Microsoft lately, you know,
kind of all that pile
of beta that we've been
releasing over the last kind
of nine months that we're
going to kind of finalize
next spring is I started
referring to them as Lego
pieces. I was like, you
know, finally, we're getting the
right size Lego pieces. It
feels like what you're trying
to do with this Owen
is to put it in
Lego terms. You're S you're
basically deciding on the size
of the little, what are
the little things on top
of the bricks? You know
what I mean? That'd be,
it's the middle nubbies on
your ear. You're describing the
size and depth and specification
of the nubbies so that
you've got some Legos and
I've got some Legos and
WCF has some Legos and
open Rosta has some Legos
and, Oh, I want to
put it on, on Linux
for a second. And I
want to run it on
an iPhone, or when I
want a windows phone, once
you agree on nubbies, we
can all start building Legos
together. And suddenly things become
combinable in almost an exponential
way. Yeah. And I think
that's really one of the
huge powers of the Python
and Ruby communities with their
whiskey and their rack. There's
so much stuff. What does
that stand for? Oh, I'm
sorry. Whiskey is Ws GI
it's web server gateway interface.
It's pet three, three, three,
and Python. Python is the,
or pep is the Python
proposal for the enhancement of
Python. Okay. Because you know,
a lot of the people
who are listening won't know
a lot of those acronyms.
And then of course our
non English speaking listeners often
don't understand when we take
up an acronym and we
pronounce it. So that's why
I bring that up. So
interesting. And do you see
that, what kind of interest
are you seeing? Like, are
you talking to people like
Glenn block from WCF and
you're talking to Sebastian from
open Rosta and the different
folks that are interested in
this space? Yeah. It's been
great. We've got a lot
of interest. Glen has been
on the mailing list and
he's been contributing Sebastian also
in particular, his he's just
incredibly intelligent noses. RFCs like
the back of his hand
and his input has been
extremely valuable. Also Ryan Riley, who's
putting together a he's his
implementation of the host site
is written in F sharp
and it's called frack. And
he's got a framework he's
working on. It's the Sinatra
clone called Frank. And there's
gonna be like those names.
And then also Andrea is
Hockinson, who's get as Nancy
framework, Jackson, Harper, Monistat, mano,
Jeff Hardy in w in, in
whiskey, all these guys are
contributing. It's been a great
discussion. Really appreciate everything that
they've had. Hi, this is
Scott coming to you from
another place in time. Are
you using agile practices to
manage your software development? There's
lots of tools in the
market that manage the steps
of a project, but most
of them focus on individual
roles. Get ready for a
solution that caters for the
success of the whole team.
Guys at Tellerik introduced team
pulse. It's an agile project
management tool. That'll help you
gather ideas, estimate plan, track
progress in a common workspace.
Finally, companies, regardless of their
size can use a lightweight
and convenient tool. It makes
all the stakeholders work as
a United team, even if
they're in different countries by
combining intuitive user interface and
the power server light team
poles removes the roadblocks that
you typically face and applying
agile in an effective manner,
no more lost data, no
disparate systems, no lack of
critical analytics regarding the health
and philosophy project. See if
yourself get a free copy
for five users in one
project at.com/team pulse. And please
do thank tolerant for supporting
Hansel minutes on their Facebook
fan page, facebook.com/t L E
R I K. Coloring. We
do appreciate it. There wouldn't
be a Hansel minutes. If
there wasn't, Tellerik helping us.
Now, you just brought up
something interesting. Now I realized
that for the, the folks
that are listening, they're, they're
hearing a whole lot of
terms that they've never heard
about before, but the terms
are usually referring to, like
we said, the middleware things,
just that all of which
have a corollary in the.net
world. So like, but you
mentioned Frank and Nancy Sinatra.
And I think that there's
something interesting about that because
Sinatra is a, a way
to write some, you know,
rest like services in a
Right. Yeah. It's originally a
Ruby rested DSL, Frank and
Nancy. What are Frank and
Nancy other than being a
father and daughter of the
Sinatra. Yeah. And clever names
for frameworks. So Frank is
Ryan Riley's F sharp web
framework. That is a, basically
a Sinatra clone. And it
basically allows you to, you
know, say something like write
code that looks almost like
an HTTP request that says,
like get, and then some
path, and then you write
a little bit of code
and it returns like a
response object. And that's basically
the pattern with Sinatra and
Nancy is a C-sharp Sinatra
clone as well. Yeah. When
I saw these, they looked
to me like really, really
terse kind of DSLs domain,
specific languages for asp.net MVC,
except the routing and the
controller are together, like in,
in answer to net MVC.
If I wanted to make
a very basic get service
that returns Jason, let's say
that that's cause you know,
with all of these, that's
kind of your hello world.
It's, you know, hello, Jason,
hello, JavaScript object notation. Right?
You can say in an
MVC, you'd say something like
have a home controller and
have a books method. And
that returns action result, but
you need a routing table,
often this other, this other
place. And then you would
go and get your database
stuff and you pretend your
Jason, but you need two
files and you need, you
know, you need infrastructure, but
for a quick and dirty
Jason thing with Sinatra, you
basically write one code block
by which you say here's
a get. And when then
when the, when the URL
looks like this, go do
some stuff. So it's almost
as if they tack the
routing on top of what
I think of as an
action method in NBC. And
it's all in one place.
So in the.net corollary, you've
got like a S H
X files. It's like a,
it's like one page and
this is an HTP handler,
but HTB handles are very
low level HTTP handlers have
process requests. So this is
almost like the Sinatra stuff
for.net would be one level
above and HTP handler, but
a level below like a
full MVC framework. Right? Yeah,
definitely. Do you think that's
a way to be writing?
I mean, I think there's
a lot of what I'm
hearing here is that people
want lightweight quick, fast ways
to write basic web services.
And then that web services
in the soap sense. And
sometimes not even in the,
in the Jason sense, like,
you know, POCs, right. Plain
old XML, they just want
to get something out of
the database as quickly as
they can and get it
out because they're going to
manipulate it on the client
side. They want very, very
lightweight servers. Yeah, definitely. And
I think, you know, now
is the time I think
for the past five years,
or maybe a little before
that we have seen a
lot of people kind of
fumbling around with rest architecture
and stuff, but it's really
gone mainstream now with Twitter,
Facebook, and all these other
API is out there now.
And I think that that's
something that, you know, I
would love to see and,
you know, to, to that
end, I'm doing all of
these, you know, interested in
all these technologies. I would
like to be able to
see like these really kind
of minimalist, simple Jason API
APIs coming out of.net services.
And that originally my original
use case for kayak was
exactly that, you know, we
didn't need templating, we didn't
need sessions or any crazy
things like that. And so,
you know, really, we just
wanted to be able to
like pull an object out
of the database, send it
as Jason and, you know,
get on with our lives.
And I think that, you
know, the syntax of, of
Sinatra and, and clones of
that are really, really enables
that sort of thing to,
to be done very quickly
and easily. And I think
it's kind of the no
nonsense approach. That's been very
successful in the dynamic languages
community. And I think that.net
has a lot to learn
from that if you will.
And that there's a lot
of potential here and in
particular, because I mean.net and
we all know is gonna
perform a lot better under
a lot of circumstances than
some of these, you know,
Python and Ruby and things.
That's an interesting point you
bring up though, because you're,
you're someone who lives in
both worlds, right? You've got
a head and dotnet, and
hadn't the dynamic world. And
here in Portland, Oregon, this
is a real dynamic town,
you know, in quotes with
tongue in cheek, but they
don't like.net in areas of
Portland. They hate it around
here, close in Southeast and
downtown. Let me tell you,
I get funny. It looks
on the street, but The
thing that I think that
people forget, and I say
this not as a dotnet
apologist, but as someone who's
been working in it for
darn near 10 years, is
that it's fast as heck.
And sometimes I see a
lot of these younger guys
talk about their performance in,
in Python and rails, and
they just don't realize the
scale that you can either
with the amount of throughput
you can get with.net is,
is bananas. And I've always
felt that if I could
have the syntactic aesthetic of
a dynamic language and Jason
and the cleanliness of a
DSL to describe some of
my services and the speed
of the CLR, then now
we're talking. Yeah. Yeah. It's,
it's a, it's a great
sort of crossroads between all
of those things that you
just mentioned. And I think
for that reason, there's a
lot of potential here and
it's, it's kind of, it's
kind of amazing to me
actually that it's taken this
long, but now that it's
happening, it's really happening quickly.
There's a lot of people
who are really big in
the community who are behind
it, who have had these
ideas, but just, it hasn't
coalesced until now. And it's
a, it's just really exciting.
One of the things that
I've been really interested in
is how quickly it took
us to go from angle
bracket, delimited files, to curly
braced, unlimited files. You know,
we're pushing Jason around more
than X amount, faster than
ever. I noticed. And I
think it was a Forrester
article just two days ago
that said that in, I
think it was in 2009,
50, 40% of API APIs.
And what I mean, APIs
means social API APIs, public
APIs, like Twitter and Facebook.
And I'm like 40% of
them were Jason today. 75%
of API is, or Jason,
like Jason has one. Yeah.
And for good reason, it's
much, much less verbose than
XML. Easier to write, easier
to read, easier to parse
XML just has no analog
and like common data structures
in most programming languages. Whereas
Jason, like you have a
raise in dictionaries strings numbers
and booleans like every programming
language. Yeah. It's funny. I
actually, I used to work
at Nike in 1997 and
my buddy Sean McElravy and
I were at Nike building
their order. It was called
OMA order management application. It
was an internal application written
entirely in Java, used hot
Java and old Unix machines.
And it was done in
Netscape timeframe. And we created
this thing called a field
dictionary and field dictionaries, that
names, names, and values and
links to other field dictionaries.
It was Jason. We just
didn't know it until 13,
13 years later. And we
go, Oh, you know, we,
we kind of, you know,
and when I say we
invented Jason, I mean that
like jokingly, because everyone invented
Jason, everyone who used to
pass hash tables of hash
tables around invented Jason, everybody.
No, it was just one
of those things that just
kind of came together. But
the brilliant thing about Jason
was that there was no,
there is no marshaling of
data from one format to
another, right? Because there's so
many systems where you pull
something out of the database
and you think about tables
and then you put it
in an XML and then
you shove it across the
wire and then you turn
it into JavaScript and then
you mess around with it.
Then you reverse the process.
And these multiple transitions are
such an uncomfortable thing. So
now if we can figure
out what the quickest way
to get data out of
a data story, whether it
be Mongo or Raven or
SQL server or whatever, get
it into Jason and a
format projected. Cause I mean,
all of these things like
Sinatra, these are all just
projections of Jason out onto
the wire, do some stuff
on the client with something
like knockout JS or jQuery
plus templates, and then bring
it back. You've got a
really lightweight, a three tier
application right there. Yeah. And
definitely, and even beyond just
going JavaScript, it does great
with mobile. And you know,
for me, that's, that's the
big, the biggest thing. Like
I kind of pride myself
on being a full stack.
If you will programmer kind
of having an understanding of
the database, the web services
layer all the way to
the UI. And for me,
that's mobile and chase on
is definitely the way to
go over XML, particularly on
the iPhone. It's much easier
to parse. What do you
use for parsing Jason on
a jason.net in the dotnet
space? Or what do you
use for parsing your days?
Cause this is about four
or five. Jason, sir. Yeah.
I've actually had pretty good,
pretty good mileage with a
library called lit Jason. It's
pretty, pretty simple. And it's
kind of has like a
whole Lexar and all this
complicated linguistical Parsi stuff. Yeah.
This isn't, it's written in
C sharp. Yeah. Pure C
sharp. Cool. And it's pretty
cool. My one beef with
it is that it's not
evented so I couldn't, you
know, kind of do it
in a, in an unbuffered
way. I have to buffer
the entire Jason, you know,
request or response in memory,
you know, before I can
parse it or output it,
it's all gonna be hanging
around in memory. So it's
kind of a Dom, it's
got to hold it there
for a second before it
does. Right. Exactly. And there's
this, there's the C library
called the agile yet another
Jason library. And it's actually
an vented Jason parser. And
one of these days I'm
hoping me or somebody is
going to get around to
writing P invoke bindings for
that and getting it on.net.
Cause I would just be
awesome. So let me ask
you this as an open
source developer, as someone who
is got your fingers in
a lot of different pies,
there's something like 3 million C
sharp developers untold millions of
visual, basic developers, right. We're
talking about millions, but for
libraries like, like kayak and
all these different libraries, it
seems like there's always just
thousands. What is it going
to take for the.net community
to embrace some of these
libraries in the hundreds of
thousands or millions and you
know, what can Microsoft do
to make sure that that
kind of happens? You know
what I'm saying? Kind of
take it to the next
level. Is it just awareness
or do we, do we
have to build this stuff
in before people get it?
Because you know, sometimes Microsoft
gets people mad because of
the, you know, they'll take
an idea they'll, you know,
they embrace and extend or
embrace and ship or whatever.
Right. But like as a,
as a developer of kayak,
let's give that example. Right.
What's success look like to
you, is it just that,
Hey, I use it or
do you want like a
jQuery level of success where
everyone uses it? I mean,
that would certainly be nice.
I think kayak is, is
going to be a little
bit more kind of obscure
up to, so if you
will then say jQuery, but
certainly I think that there
is, there is there's a
land grab here to be
had. I mean, there's a
lot, there's a couple other
guys on the list here
that have, you know, sort
of competing if you will
implementations. So I think that
it would really be, if,
you know, there's just like
a community of, you know,
maybe a few, few thousand
users who are sort of
have the more technical bent
and can get in there
and, you know, build stacks
up for themselves based on
kayak and, you know, really
make it make the custom
web stack that they really
want out of life. That
I think is, is the
ultimate goal for me. Is
that the, is that the
split though? Because I mean,
I think there may be
people who are listening to
the show who might say,
well, I just want to
use the stuff that's going
to be supported, or I
just want to kind of
get her done. You know,
they, they want to use
the stuff that Microsoft ships,
how do we get those
people excited and feel just
excited. I think a better
word would be empowered unafraid
to go out and say,
you know, I am going
to own my own stack
because the issue is that
some developers might have some
business problem that they want
to solve, like insurance or
healthcare or whatever they're in.
Right. And like he might
say, Hey, I do health
insurance. I don't care about
an HTTP parser in C-sharp,
but they may find that
they may have more fun
and be more productive if
they in fact kind of
get off the beaten path
a little bit and try
something different. Where do you
think this will always be
niche? And the bright line
is someone who wants to
work on his own car
in his garage versus someone
who just takes this car
into the shop. Right? Yeah.
Well, for me, it's definitely
been, and like I said
earlier in architectural playground and
I definitely need to clean
it up a little bit,
but I think really the
power here in this, in
this space, it's not so
much kayak specifically, but the
Owen specification itself. So with
that, you know, it doesn't
matter if you want to
use kayak or if somebody
else comes along and writes
something that's way better and
way faster than kayak. Or
if someone wants to get,
you know, a wrapper around
IIS or whatever, they can
do that. Or if they
want to make their own
framework that Karen run on
any of those servers, then
all they have to do
is implement against Owen. And,
and there, there you have
it, you know, that enables
you portability of your applications,
composability of your middleware, just
this whole, this whole smattering
of great of great new
things, which I feel like
we just haven't seen in
dot.net yet. Yeah. I think
it would be nice if
we get some kind of
a specification like this that
describes, like we said, the,
the size of the Lego,
nubbins such that we can
kind of stop copying from
other frameworks. And rather than
us having Frank and Nancy
Sinatra, we come up with
something of our own and
then we watch the other
guys go and implement it,
you know? Yeah. That would
be great. I would love
to see that. Yeah. Well,
cool. Well, I'm glad that
you're putting together pieces like
this with your, with your
group. And then we'll put
links on the show notes
to all of these things.
So that folks who are
listening, who may be interested
in this level of specification
creation, get involved in Owen
and join in the discussion.
Great. Yeah, we're actually that,
that would be really great.
We're looking for your as
much input from as many
different use cases, users as
possible. And I'm hoping To
get this specification pretty much
nailed down here in the
next week or so, and
then just start testing and
start implementing and start getting
some buzz around it and
getting people using it more
in the real, real world.
Very exciting. All right. Well,
this has been another episode
of Hansel minutes. We'll see
you again next week.